will start the third of secrecy at one
really extremely balanced fight
fighter flyweight category
Let's go for the third round.
beyond the five round five
the two were frankly from the area before
to cross today that was a thing
that they looked he knows they are
giving a show there so I think it was there
Let's continue this show on a lot.
cool, I think it's cool
Good, I can give victory now again.
Brazilian
I thought you stayed in Criciúma x Marcos
quite improved one of his combat screen
the bases do for our rating
it's impressive
Finally, I will not finish the thought, I will not
confirm 10 to 9 with the current one and was
better and stayed up to see the tastes
general and now Afghan secret
show really notice the hour neck
total meaning to be paid
What do you think?
the reason group a little focus can not
to leave Julian's goose with the
brazil to argentina or uruguay won
the old tearing project is fun and
here is even the first lady
continuing to see you is verbal after
it loses point that what the rue wants it
say the following when you have three
supports can not kneel in the
head and was the la roche gave in 13
after what you want are two feet and more
Brazil exactly a mother with any
other work was may even be so the
two feet on the knee
look what a blow of the cigar above the matias
took to the grid the Chilean but lawn
under there
the alan birth when really a
show is like main night fight
Let's see how the team will not
turn to leave this plant with the
guffaws
the name of the Brazilian midfielder kaká shoot the
left her arm to kill her
leave aside
is not getting total pressure yet the
our passive vertebrae and stop again
in center defender tried the net
External bone
the kick picked does not work on the waist the
split arrangement this strong test
taking aim
I hope you have seen star machines.
tried to ask the right did not arrive
passed in the empty
beyond birth focused on the opponent
will measure the distance escaped from the planet
and now he lowered his head
the two really looking for a fight
but the final preferential one escaped the
boy it is that it was generated by
high
vicari on the grid where it opened empty or
do not want to fall again two
minutes to the end a true
war came from xf overcoming has a
excellent as an event where Eduard
Duarte is not a team, dear JosÃ © neves and
really put us two athletes
the Chilean supertalent
surprising the alan has more volume of
game but I know he has little more than
experience as it connects the blows in the
time but the Chilean is very
also good
now the cinema is a situation a
slightly more comfortable for the arm for
down in relation to pure bone but
Roberto does not want to talk
take a little longer and here
a certain number of 20
11 money is with garden and left
This brazilian thing coming together
smile
the answer inside has no origin
to use later in a high Christmas kick
beautiful but did not get
in the sequence was in the Brazilian female
It was fine back there but now I guess
Well, I think the other side has to
work one minute now it 's clear that
It is not good you get down but
best numbers will act in the other fight
were underneath he has to try to leave
of hip to pick up and put the hunch
I was not even going to get my arm anymore.
one more time because it's underneath
missing a minute for the fight at the end
it can be lost where less than one
minute to finish but keeping the
rule has already pulled the neck of the slipper but
without the pressure condition will try
go straight to pick up white p & b
missing ten sensational seconds
birth croatia
the main fight of the night
and what is this agnelo governor?
Awesome, I told you, Marcelo.
it was butt put fight down
Look this
I already the pure champion furucho raises the
everybody here guys here victory
sensational a finalization of pure bone
from Brazil in the game of 16
look the rest of the crew just the whole
vibration of the boys and the return to the
It's Brazilian party in reverse
it's amazing awesome i
I was confident in that arm they found
whole parallel is good to start a game
Very good, Judith said.
a very choppy picture and showed how
Sail the best moments exactly
which is the best but it was not at that moment
that everyone was already thinking
that the fight would really end in order to
the decision is suddenly under the arm
crazy right what a new thing he
I said from the beginning of the fight he
I was trying to get this arm to them.
showed it showed from all the covers of the
Chilean group
the Chilean run because he was a
not very innocent
looks stunning yet another great
fight that we come here tonight
sensational
as for the announcement of the winners in the
face